Add docs on how to set credentials (#43)
neoave/mrack: docs/index.rst

> .. mrack documentation master file, created by

Reviewer: ouch :smile:

multiple provisioning providers e.g. OpenStack, libvirt, containers,
Beaker).

But in comparison to multi-cloud libraries, the aim is to be able to
describe host from application perspective. E.g.:

.. code:: yaml

   network: IPv4
   hosts:
   - name: master.testdomain.test
     role: master
     group: ipaserver
     os: fedora-31
   - name: client.testdomain.test
     role: client
     group: ipaclient
     os: fedora-30

This is then combined with provisioning configuration where each
provider has defined meaning for ``role``, ``group``, ``os`` params
which e.g. translates to flavors, images, …

.. code:: yaml

   provider: openstack  # default provider
   openstack:
     images:
       fedora-30: Fedora-Cloud-Base-30-compose-latest
       fedora-31: Fedora-Cloud-Base-31
     flavors:
       ipaserver: ci.m1.medium
       ipaclient: ci.m1.micro
     networks:
       IPv4: net_ci_4
       IPv6: net_ipv6_only
       dual: net_cci_4_6
     keypair: ipa_key
   beaker:
     distros:
       fedora-30: FEDORA-30%
       fodora-31: FEDORA-31%

So then user can quickly change provisioning location just by changing

> provider name without needing to redefine the provider/cloud specifics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provider name without a need to redefine the provider/cloud specifics.
```
